That's me!
It's not like me
It's ugly, I replaced it myself
If a man dislikes me for changing my life, he doesn't have to
I have business to discuss with you on this matter
The benefactor is speechless
You must have also sensed the breath of the resurrection of the demons
I want Zixiao Holy Land
Join hands with the four major sects to encircle and suppress the demons
The devil brings disaster to the common people
Although my son Xiao Holy Land is sensible
But it will never be repaired
I really didn't see the wrong person.
Zixiao Sword is definitely in your hands
I have a successor
The benefactor fights for the lives of the world
How can I lure his descendants away?
The Ancient Battlefield after January
You and I will fight to the death with the devil together
Will live up to the expectations of benefactors
By the way, I have something else to ask you.
Do you know when I fell in my previous life?
Scattered three points of cultivation
The Great War.
I didn't win the game
But I saw two beams of golden light leap out with my own eyes
A bunch fell on the ancient battlefield
The other bundle fell into the Qingyun Sword with the sword
Two numbers, are you sure there are only two numbers?
What you see in the lower green leaves is nothing but false
January is approaching
The whereabouts of this third cultivation base
But still no clue
If it is as he says
Where will this third level of cultivation lie?
Now
Only retreat first
Increase your strength to the limit
Plan again